Update end user experience and compatibility requirements for browser-based rdp (#23271)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-browser.mdx

| Internet Explorer 11 and below               | ❌            |

### User identifier formats

Browser-based RDP supports connecting to Windows machines with the following formats:

#### Security Accounts Manager (SAM)

SAM is supported with and without spaces.

`domain\user with spaces` format:
- The domain may have a maximum of 20 characters.
- The username may have a maximum of 15 characters.

`.\user` format:
- This uses the default domain.
- The username may have a maximum of 20 characters.

Examples:
- `DOMAIN\user with spaces`
- `DOMAIN\user`
- `Username`
- `User Name`

#### User Principal Name (UPN)

UPN is supported with spaces, quotes, and unquoted.

Examples:
- `"user with spaces"@domain.org`
- `user with spaces@domain.org`
- `user@domain.org`

:::note
		Cloudflare will not configure any user identifier on the target. Any user identifier used to authenticate must be pre-configured on the server.
:::

### Clipboard file formats

Browser-based RDP supports the following file formats for clipboard copy and paste actions:
- "text/plain"
- "text/html"
- "image/png"
- "HTML Format" (via CF_HTML)
- CF_UNICODETEXT
- CF_DIBV5 (Windows native bitmap formats)

> 

Author: Is this limited to keyboard shortcut or all copy paste (if action is initiated by right clicking instead)?

> 

Author: Gotcha, understood!

| Other Chromium-based browsers (Opera, Brave) | ✅            |
| Internet Explorer 11 and below               | ❌            |

### User identifier formats

Browser-based RDP supports connecting to Windows machines with the following formats:

#### Security Accounts Manager (SAM)

SAM-formatted user identifiers are supported with and without spaces.

`domain\user with spaces` format:
- The domain may have a maximum of 20 characters.
- The username may have a maximum of 15 characters.

> `.\user` format:

Reviewer: @asamborski Could we add `.\username` to the examples below? Do the same limitations apply to the `Username` and `User name` examples?

- This uses the default domain.
- The username may have a maximum of 20 characters.

Examples:

> - `DOMAIN\user with spaces`

Reviewer: Any reason why we use `user` for the domain examples instead of `username`?

Author: Nope, just an oversight on my part. Will make consistent

Author: [8cc4506](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/23271/commits/8cc4506ab8037a73d88ee958c28398368c1bc4c2)

- `DOMAIN\user`
- `Username`
- `User Name`

#### User Principal Name (UPN)

UPN-formatted user identifiers are supported with spaces, quotes, and unquoted.

Examples:
- `"user with spaces"@domain.org`
- `user with spaces@domain.org`
- `user@domain.org`

:::note
		Cloudflare will not configure any user identifier on the target. Any user identifier used to authenticate must be pre-configured on the server.
:::

### Clipboard file formats

> Browser-based RDP supports the following formats for text-based copy and paste actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser-based RDP supports copy and paste actions for the following content types:
```
